Marc, your business model has a particularity.
It combines two business models within the platforms.
The social network, which mainly provides value through the network effect
generated by users and the content that users share on social networks,
and the Instagram, which are the users and the photos.
But it is combined with a marketplace model.
I think this is unique in this sector and I imagine it has a series of advantages that I would like to highlight.
Yes, I think it is a very unique model in the fashion sector.
A model in which there are things that are similar in other sectors, not the same.
That have combined social networks with…
That have combined, maybe not social networks, but user-generated content.
For example, there is the House model in the United States,
which is a company worth 4 billion, 40 million users a month,
where it has user-generated content because users play it,
but they are mainly professionals, it is not so much social network.
But you asked me what the advantages are, and I would start with the disadvantage.
For us it is also a challenge, because you do not have a straight line.
There are many models, I copy this business model from a player in the United States,
I'm going to do it in some countries in southern Europe,
and I look at it, it's like a mirror, and I'm doing it here,
shaping the product a little to your market.
In our case, you do not have a straight line, you have a world…
Because you created it, it is innovation.
Exactly, and with which you do not have a straight line, but you are trying to validate in the long run,
and that is every day, validating your hypotheses about your goal.
I think the important thing is to have a goal,
to see if your changes you make in the product, in the strategy, are aligned with that goal.
Because if not, a model like ours, where you do not have a path to follow,
would be totally crazy, we would be piloting every day, and we would not get what we want.
Indeed, that is the disadvantage, because you have opened the way and you have no one to look at.
Exactly, the advantage is that we are the first,
with which you can get close to the market if you know how to do it well.
The second advantage is that it is a model that at first, if it is true,
that from investors, has more risk, because you can not compare what is good and what is bad,
but when you can show that you are doing it well,
everyone is interested, or many people are interested in investing in something unique,
because it can become something bigger.
And finally, the advantage is, or one of the last, is at the market level.
In the end, I am not competing with other players in the markets,
and I do not have to go and get a position that I had another.
In this sense, we are the first to open that market,
it is also true that it costs more because you have to explain what the product is,
and people do not know, but then the user, you have it and it is very complicated for others.
What you are talking about now is not the whole business model,
but it is a bit of the positioning of the value proposition.
Of course, as it is new, it is more difficult than in a minute you explain it to me,
because if I do not know it, it requires more details than when it is something that I already know,
that I already buy it to another.
If we do the analysis of the business model very quickly,
and we are the two consultants and we do it well,
if we compare it with a mix of a social network and a marketplace,
if we compare it only with a social network,
I think, but you can correct me,
that the advantage is that when incorporating the marketplace,
you have been able to monetize and earn money much earlier than if it were only a social network.
Each one has its business model,
in the sense that it is true that we have become a social network,
that we can monetize both at the advertising level,
as is the business model on Instagram, Facebook, etc.,
and we add the transactionality part,
that is very good because you have those two channels,
and many more open that it is not necessary to enter,
but we have those two options when a social network does not have it.
Is it an advantage?
Yes, because the value proposition is good for the user,
we could have a social network with shopping,
but the product itself does not fit with the user.
Yes, but now forgetting a little about the value proposition,
but only from the point of view of income flows,
I think it is an advantage with respect to the social network,
and if we compare it only with the marketplace,
when incorporating the social network, what you get is more engagement.
Exactly, in the end what we have is a marketplace as a business,
but where users, and that each one sees it as a social network,
and it is true, and we want users to see 21Buttons as a social network,
and we want it to be like that, that 21Buttons continues to be a social network,
because this brings you virality, this brings you much more engagement, etc.,
it does not mean that neither business is better nor worse than another,
in the end you have to measure your lifetime value,
you have to measure your CAC and see if the numbers come out or not,
they could not come out either, even if it is 21Buttons,
imagine that users do not buy, it does not help you at all,
but that is the idea, to try to create a viral model
with the good part of buying and transactionality charging.